Breakout Game Plan
After reading about all the different "versions" of this game, I found the the Super Breakout to be the most interesting.
I like the idea of having power ups because you can build various thematic versions of similar games. With that in mind,
I plan to build a similar version of this game with a focus on the 2015 NCAA Championship Tournament – the last time Duke won the championship.

The game will consist of 4 levels, and the levels represent a game. Unlike most brick breakers, the goal is not just to clear out
all the blocks. It is to reach a certain level of points before a specific set of time ends. However, the player can still
continue to clear the blocks. Essentially, this means that once you reach the specific number of points, the level does not end.
It just has to be reached. So, to increase difficulty in each new level, I plan on reducing the amount of blocks that
are worth 3 points and increasing the amount of those worth 1 point. The levels are broken down below.

Level 1 --> Based on the 2015 Sweet 16 game: Duke v. Utah
Level 2 --> Based on the 2015 Elite 8 game: Duke. Gonzaga
Level 3 -- > Based on the 2015 Final 4 game: Duke v. Michigan State
Level 4 --> Based on the 2015 Championship game: Duke v. Wisconsin

Considering the "themes" of each level, the background will be the stadium where each game took place. The type of blocks will
be based on the game or the level.

There will be 3 types of blocks:

School Color Blocks --> The school color of the university that Duke is facing in the game or level. Worth 1 point.
Player Blocks --> Blocks that represent in one way or another players of the rival school. Worth 2 points.
Level Blocks –-> Blocks that indicate what phase of the championship we're in. Worth 3 points.

Like previously mentioned, I want to base my game around the Super Breakout version, so I will have power ups in the game.
The power ups will be based around some of the best Duke players of the 2014-2015 roster. Below I will describe the power ups and the
players they'lll represent.

More than 1 ball, 3 to be exact --> represented by Quinn Cook, either image or something that related to him back in 2015. Quick Cook
made the most 3s.
Break surrounding blocks too --> represented by Jahlil Okafor. He had the most points.
Ball gets bigger --> represented by Justice Winslow. He was a leader in steals and blocks.
Shoots "lasers" --> represented by Tyus Jones. He was a good overall player. Also, depending on feasibility, I hope to have a laser
concept but represented by basketballs.

As for lives, there will be fives lives. I chose this because in college basketball a player can have up to 5 fouls before he is
kicked out of the game.

When it comes to cheat keys, I hope to implement some using the keyboard. See them below:
Pause or Unpause Game: Press P
Reset Level: Press R
Next Level: Press N
Add Life: L

As for the actual game, there will be one paddle that will move left and right. It will most likely be a color that is or is close
to Duke blue. You can move left or right by clicking the left or right keys in the keyboard.

Lastly, I want to add something extra and different to my game. After thinking about this for some time, I liked the idea of
adding anti-power ups. I decided to create one, and if you "catch" it, you will lose one life. The anti-power up will have the same effect in each level,
but it will look visually different. The visual will depend on the level or game, and it will be the best defender of the rival team.